updated documentation for the language field (#611)
SAP/abap-file-formats: docs/json.md

The field `originalLanguage` stores the information about the original language of the object.

The original language is specified with [BCP47](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag) language tags, which combine [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) language codes with subtags for language variations.

> A full list of SAP supported BCP47 language tags can be found in languages.md.

Reviewer: I guess you missed the hyperlink to the actual file?
```suggestion
A full list of SAP supported BCP47 language tags can be found [here](./docs/languages.md).
```

Author: Yes, thanks!
